Docs: SAML role and team sync (#23986)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/configuration.md

> +++

Reviewer: I just noticed the title. Please change it to enterprise-configuration.md. It will be less likely to get confused with the other configuration.md file we have.

title = "Enterprise configuration"
description = "Enterprise configuration documentation"
keywords = ["grafana", "configuration", "documentation", "enterprise"]
type = "docs"
[menu.docs]
name = "Enterprise configuration"
identifier = "enterprise-config"
parent = "enterprise"
weight = 300
+++

# Grafana Enterprise configuration

This page describes Grafana Enterprise-specific configuration options that you can specify in a `.ini` configuration file or using environment variables. Refer to [Configuration]({{< relref "../installation/configuration.md" >}}) for more information about available configuration options.

## [white_labeling]

### app_title

Set to your company name to override application title.

### login_logo

> Set to complete url to override login logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to complete URL to override login logo.
```

Reviewer: URL should always be capitalized except in code where it would break things. Apply throughout.

### login_background

> Set to complete css background expression to override login background. Example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to complete CSS background expression to override login background. Example: 
```

Reviewer: CSS should always be capitalized except in code where it would break things.

```bash
[white_labeling]
login_background = url(http://www.bhmpics.com/wallpapers/starfield-1920x1080.jpg)
```

### menu_logo

Set to complete url to override menu logo.

### fav_icon

Set to complete url to override fav icon (icon shown in browser tab).

### apple_touch_icon

> Set to complete url to override apple/ios icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to complete URL to override Apple/iOS icon.
```

### footer_links

> List the links id's to use here, Grafana will look for matching links configurations the link id's should be space separated and contain no whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List the links IDs to use here. Grafana will look for matching links configurations the link IDs should be space-separated and contain no whitespace.
```

## [meta_analytics]

### max_file_age

Max age for data files before they get deleted.

### max_data_directory_size

Max size in megabytes of the data files directory before files gets deleted.

### data_path

The directory where events will be stored in.

## [analytics.summaries]

### buffer_write_interval

Interval for writing dashboard usage stats buffer to database.

### buffer_write_timeout

Timeout for writing dashboard usage stats buffer to database.

### rollup_interval

> Interval for trying to rollup per dashboard usage summary only rolled up at most once per day.

Reviewer: This sentence confuses me. I think we have at least two sentences in here. Please clarify.

Reviewer: Also, 

roll up = verb
rollup = noun

Perform a rollup on the summary.
Try to roll up the summary.

Please correct throughout.

### rollup_timeout

Timeout for trying to rollup per dashboard usage summary.

## [analytics.views]

### recent_users_age

> Age for recent active users.

Reviewer: Add a line after the heading.

## [reporting]

### rendering_timeout

Timeout for each panel rendering request.

### concurrent_render_limit

Maximum number of concurrent calls to the rendering service.

### image_scale_factor

Scale factor for rendering images. Value `2` is enough for monitor resolutions, `4` would be better for printed material. Setting a higher value affects performance and memory.

## [auth.saml]

### enabled

If true, the feature is enabled. Defaults to false.

### certificate

Base64-encoded public X.509 certificate. Used to sign requests to the IdP.

### certificate_path

Path to the public X.509 certificate. Used to sign requests to the IdP.

### private_key

Base64-encoded private key. Used to decrypt assertions from the IdP.

### private_key_path

Path to the private key. Used to decrypt assertions from the IdP.

### idp_metadata

Base64-encoded IdP SAML metadata XML. Used to verify and obtain binding locations from the IdP.

### idp_metadata_path

Path to the SAML metadata XML. Used to verify and obtain binding locations from the IdP.

### idp_metadata_url

URL to fetch SAML IdP metadata. Used to verify and obtain binding locations from the IdP.

### max_issue_delay

> Duration, since the IdP issued a response and the SP is allowed to process it. Defaults to 90 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time since the IdP issued a response and the SP is allowed to process it. Defaults to 90 seconds.
```

Reviewer: This one confuses me. Are you trying to say that this setting is the amount of time that the SP must wait after the IdP issues a response before the SP can process the response?

Author: No, it's timeout. Means "the amount of time that the SP **can** process response", after that response is not valid anymore.

### metadata_valid_duration

> Duration, for how long the SP's metadata should be valid. Defaults to 48 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How long the SPs metadata is valid. Defaults to 48 hours.
```

### assertion_attribute_name

> Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user name.
```

### assertion_attribute_login

> Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user's login handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user login handle.
```

### assertion_attribute_email

> Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user's email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user email.
```

Reviewer: You get the idea. Please make "user" non-possessive, since we are referring, at least inderectly, to "user <field>" for all of these mappings.

### assertion_attribute_groups

Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user's groups.

### assertion_attribute_role

Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user's roles.

### assertion_attribute_org

Friendly name or name of the attribute within the SAML assertion to use as the user's organization.

### allowed_organizations

> List of comma- or space-separated organizations. User should be a member of at least one organization to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of comma- or space-separated organizations. Each user must be a member of at least one organization to log in.
```

### org_mapping

List of comma- or space-separated Organization:OrgId mappings.

### role_values_editor

> List of comma- or space-separated roles which will be mapped into the Editor role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of comma- or space-separated roles that will be mapped to the Editor role.
```

### role_values_admin

> List of comma- or space-separated roles which will be mapped into the Admin role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of comma- or space-separated roles that will be mapped to the Admin role.
```

### role_values_grafana_admin

> List of comma- or space-separated roles which will be mapped into the Grafana Admin (Super Admin) role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of comma- or space-separated roles thatwill be mapped to the Grafana Admin (Super Admin) role.
```
